Problem:       How can we help the books that are lying in shelf to lend to other readers in their neighbourhood? How to make this happen?
               
Solution Part:: Research
------------------------

Persona choose y? Am interested to give my book to rent? Regular Buyers do what after reading done?
                  How can we help the <<Persona>>who regularly buys <<Categories>> to do rent it out/ to other readers?

1.Which Persona to target ?
2.Specific category of books to look at?                  

    Category Choose y? STudents-Textbooks/
                    24-30 age - Novels maybe!
                    Business Books
                    Above 30 age group -- May ask about Libraries. Whats your view on libraries? Do you avail membership in libraries if new collection is there?
                                          If your interested books delivered into your doorstep from library, would you prefer to avail memberships?
                                          In this digital age, are libraries necessary?
                                          Do you stil prefer to go to libraries for reading or you prefer your own new book for reading ?
                                          If he/she has their own Library/Shelf.What do you think idea of renting your books out?
                                          What do you expect if your book has been picked up and read by new reader?
                                          What do you think about the service if books arrive at your doorstep?
                                          Would you mind going and picking it up from local neighbourhood/ common point/ delivered at your home? 
3.Assumptions to use the application:
     a. Reader will borrow book instead of buying it?
     b. Book owners are willing to lend books to other readers?
     c. Rentee's will return the borrowed book without any damage in same condition as recieved?
     d. They wil communicate with each other and interchange books on their own?
     f. There won't be any disputes between then during the interchange process?
     g. They will be compliant to the norms as mentioned?  Lost book replacement/BookPrice payment/Uptodatepayment once returned?
     h.
 
Where do we have to target? Age group/BookGennres/KindOfBooks
                            Amazon/Publishers

E-Book readers:
---------------
Would he/she knows libraries?

Challenges:
-----------
Volume? Crowdsource library?




Persona Example:
---------------
If a person working in ITPark, have hunt for books
Persona---IT Employees 
Category-- Management books

Persona -- Colleges
Category-- Novels

Persona --Middle-Aged-Above 35
Category -- Libraries

Persona -- Specifically to InfosysEmployees/Bosch/

Persona -- Public Libraries/CollegeLibraries
Persona -- PersonalLibraries(Local Retailers)
Persona -- BookSellers/Stores etc..
