Knowledge:
1.A newly released book will take minimum 3 months to come to second hand book stores. 





Second Hand book stores:
1. How do you gather inventory of books? Like general public or online portals or wholesale?
2. How you'll generate revenue and any others sources other than book selling/renting?
3. How many avg no of books insourced and outsourced in seller store 3months for selling?
4. What type of selling options that they carry on? ex:Books/kg, books/500Rs, no of books with discounted prices 10 books/ 30%disc  etc...
5. Have they linked to any other online sites for selling/buying of their inventory?
6. Any renting modes that are available? What are the conditions imposed on rentee's? Payment related/Quality of book during return related/
                         price for the renting time?
7. Total count of no of books they'll provide for renting on quarterly basis?
8. Most outsourced books according to genre Academic or novels or any other books?
9. Otherthan Academic,any other genre books availble for renting or seling?
10. Total Renevue generated on an annual basis for them?
11. Approximate revenue generated on books other than Academic books?
11. On an avg, no of stores located in a partiular city or state or specific locality or market centers?
12. How many unused/unsold/unrented books sitting in their inventory and what do they do with them? Are these any worth for them?
13. What kind of quality standards do they verify while buying a book from general public? How do they fix the price tag for that book?
14. Approximately how many customers will do business with them on an quarterly basis or annual basis?





Interesting Articles;
https://www.bbc.com/news/business-46386557








Data Required:
------------------

No of publishers(Print+Ebook)
No of titles/ Year published (Yearly statistics)
No of copies of each title sold (Additional info:Best seling and Avg book)
Avg revenue generated by selling printed and Ebooks stats.


As a whole Booksales % annualy- Ebooks/Printed
%Market share - ebooks/printed
Revenue Generated - 
Annual rise/fall of Ebook users
Future of books format -(Any usable information based on articles)


View on population based on income:
------------------
Low 
middle
upper-middle
Urban

Competitors
-----------
No of competitors in Indian Market 
Features & Services offered
Business model -- End to end (Company-clients-Customer)
Revenue and Pricing details
Tech details (Applicaton or Website)
Customer support service offered.
Books Quality assessment standards if Company purchases or sells second hand books



















Task-1
------
How can we help?



Who are helping?
What is their pain?























