UCD CANVAS:

1.BUSINESS:

   HARDCOPY: Online book renting platform where users play both roles lessors/Lesses according to their respective locations
           i.e.. college,ofc campus, rresidential area/Area nearby/.

2.USERS:
   College/University Students who are interested to read books/novels of all kinds whatever they like.
   Software employees who reads in their free time.
   Normal public too.

3.PROBLEMS:
   Wants to read books written by specific author but can't afford it.
   Escape from internet and its distractions and use their quality time for reading.
   Taking space for storage of books in home.
   Not being able to read e-books for a long time due to lot of exposure to computer screen in their day time
   Libraries gives storage but not enough books required.
   E-book cannot be shared in kindle or other online platforms but using this platform you can rent and share it to them for reading.
   Wants an escape from computer/smartphone/internet world 

4.MOTIVES
   Wants an escape from computer/smartphone/internet world but to get satisfaction for that time spent reading something.
   The physical touch & feel of printed books is the quality most of the readers love and smell of the books is one of the lovely experience that
		a book lover is very attached to.
   Pleasure of reading a printed book cannot be replaced by handheld device.
   Writing reviews of newly published book or your favourite book and sharing to the your peers is affectionate towards the learning experience.

5.FEARS
   Fines for not delivering on time
   Rentor wont return the book on delivery time specified or won't return at all / returned with a damage/ no update about the delivery date and time.
   Money didn't came back as specified.
   Waste of initial investment for creating the account.(optional)
   Owner couldn't deliver to borrower as mentioned or vice versa.
   Fights between rentor/rentee over the quality of book or pricing.

6.SOLUTIONS
   Listing all the books available in their area / area where required book is availaable.
   Accessible to all the books without buying it or having a separate storage space occupied in home.
   They can earn money if they can keep their book online for rent to other customers.

7.ALTERNATIVES
   Buying a new book or pirated book from street bookshops
   Borrow from a friend/relative.

8.COMPETATIVE ADVANTAGES  
   Delivery within specified time by owner
 
9.UNIQUE VALUE PROPOSITION
   It's on online platform where users rent/borrow books with less affordable prices and earning simultaneously while continuing their hobby 
   reading hardcopies.
   Adds value and experience to life while reading and doing business as well.


   