Background story;
------------------

Rajiv: Working in HCL, Immersive reader, Buys& Reads only paperback copies, Had a bag of books at his flat remains idle waiting to get messy.
John: Working in HCL, The Physical Book Loyalist, won't like to spend huge amounts on one time read fictitious novels, likes to borrow from friends.




Script:
------
Rajiv working in HCL company in Banglore Jigani campus as a Software Developer. He is an Immersive reader, purchases novels which excites him to read.
He had a many collections of good books in his flat but left unused after done readng.
He lent many of his novels to friends, collegues etc....but some never came back or lost somewhere so he finds it troubling to loose books for nothing.

John on the other end is 'The Physical Book Loyalist' but wouldn't like to spend much on novels which he will read only once.
So he likes to borrow novels from friends mostly which are available with them. But he couldn't find good collection of books by which he can't have options to choose.

Thats where HARDCOPY comes in.
We as a platform will connect Rajiv to the enthusiastic readers like John from same campus who are interested to borrow novels for a certain period 
and returns after they done reading it.

John will send request for the Novel for a couple of weeks which costs him Rs.X/- to Rajiv since he added the required novel along with many other 
books to his inventory list in HARDCOPY.
Other collegues from same campus can also request the other available books from Rajiv and can be interchanged by them in the campus itself once Rajive accepted their requests.

By using HARDCOPY, Rajiv gets to meet new collegues who can resonate with his tastes and grow his network of readers in his campus and John gets to choose a book from 
the collection available in the campus and then borrow, read & returns them with least expense.
Also HARDCOPY provides the assurance of Rajiv's books which are rented out and in addition to it he will get monetary benefits too for making his
book available for others to read.














